What should I present?

   That's up to you. Sessions at THATCamp will range from full-blown
   papers (not many of those, we hope) to software demos to training
   sessions to debates to discussions of research findings to half-baked
   rants. You should come to THATCamp with something in mind, and on the
   first day find a time, a place, and people to share it with. Once
   you're at THATCamp, you may also find people with similar topics and
   interests to team up with for a joint session.

How do I sign up?

   Unfortunately, we only have space for about 40-45 participants, so
   we'll have to do some vetting. To apply for a spot, simply send us an
   email saying who you are, what you're thinking about presenting, and
   what you think you will get out of the experience. Please don't send
   full proposals. We're talking about an informal email of maybe 200 or
   300 words, max. If you want to attach a C.V., that's OK too. Send your
   email to thatcamp.info@gmail.com.




APPLICATION
I'm Ben Brumfield, a software developer from Austin, Texas.  Over the past two years, I've 
been developing FromThePage, a web-app for transcribing handwritten documents.  I've finally finished the 
first version, and would love to demo it for THATcamp.

FromThePage is a wiki-like system that allows users to transcribe and annotate manuscript texts.  
It provides high-quality 
image zoom optimized for low-bandwidth connections, and supports automatic indexing via wikilink-style 
mark-up.  The same system that produces the transcriptions also hosts them for online display and public 
annotation.

Future versions will include PDF download of transcribed documents with programmatically-generated 
footnotes and indexes, as well as graphical analysis of relationships between subjects mentioned within 
the text.  Although these features won't be enabled for the first public version, I will be able to demo 
the work-in-progress in my presentation.

While the intended users for FromThePage are non-institutional (family/military/amateur) historians, I've 
gotten a lot of guidance from the work of academic digital humanists.  I'd absolutely love to get feedback 
from potential users -- especially people famililar with the problems faced by editors of 
primary texts.  I'd like advice on a dual open-source/commercial strategy for deploying 
FromThePage.  And I really need some more direction on my analysis and printing tools.

I feel that in addition to discussing my own software, I would be able to contribute to the conference 
from my eight years of experience developing web 
applications for non-profit organizations, technical skills (Ruby on Rails, Java, ER and OO design) ,
and
perhaps from my perspective as an outsider to the academy.

For more on my project, feel free to consult http://manuscripttranscription.blogspot.com/ , my product 
development blog.
